We’re following Path B: strengthen the simulation before touching real markets.
Next, I want to add slippage and partial fills to the exchange so executions are more realistic.

Please implement the following changes cleanly and consistently across the project.
1. Extend the Exchange to support slippage and partial fills

In project/exchange/exchange.py (or wherever the Exchange lives):

    Identify where incoming orders are matched against the order book (the core matching logic).

    Modify this logic so that:

    A. Partial fills are possible

        If an incoming order’s quantity is larger than the available liquidity at the best price level, fill only what’s available.

        Reduce the remaining quantity and continue matching deeper into the book (if your current design supports multiple levels), or leave the remainder as a resting order if that’s how your exchange works.

        Record each partial fill as a separate trade in the trade log (price, quantity, side, agent).

    B. Slippage is applied

        For market‑like orders (or however your current intents are interpreted), do not assume fills at mid price.

        Instead, use the actual best bid/ask from the book as the execution price.

        Optionally, add a simple slippage model:

            For larger orders, execution price moves slightly against the trader.

            Example:
            python

            # pseudo‑logic
            impact = k * (order_qty / (book_depth + 1e-6))
            exec_price = base_price * (1 + impact * direction)

            where direction is +1 for buys, −1 for sells, and k is a small constant.

    Ensure the Exchange returns enough information about each fill (price, quantity) so that PnL and equity can be updated accurately.

2. Update Broker and Simulation to handle fills explicitly

In project/broker/broker.py and project/simulation/simulation.py:

    Update SimulatedBroker.submit_order(...) so that it returns a list of fills (or a structured object) instead of assuming a single, full fill.

        Each fill should include at least: price, quantity, and side.

    In the simulation loop, after calling broker.submit_order(...):

        For each fill, update the agent’s:

            position

            balance (cash)

            realized PnL (if applicable)

        Use the actual fill prices, not mid price, for PnL and equity.

    Ensure the RiskManager’s equity calculations use the updated position and balance with slippage‑adjusted fills.

The goal: agents’ PnL and equity reflect realistic execution prices and partial fills, not idealized mid‑price fills.
3. Keep the external behavior stable

    The overall episode structure, charts, and RL logic should remain intact.

    RLTrader should still learn, but now in a more realistic execution environment.

    RiskManager should still enforce position, notional, and drawdown limits as before.

After implementing, run project/main.py and confirm:

    All 10 episodes still run cleanly.

    Trade logs now show partial fills where appropriate.

    Execution prices differ from mid price when slippage applies.

    Equity curves and PnL reflect the new execution model.

Please keep the code clean and consistent with the existing style.